Key features to be aware of:

The 'people' tab shows everybody that matches the current selections
in the 'filters' tab. This can be further reduced with the 'search'
box at the bottom, which will match either a person ID (if it's a
number) or a part of the displayed name (if it's anything other than a
number).

Filters are mostly obvious, but some things to keep in mind:

 - the people selected are those which match all of the selected criteria

 - "photos with poor sizes" are anything that isn't very close to the
   right shape (and hence will want centering) or has such low
   resolution that the quality is probably unacceptable

 - blank "police status" means the person has no accreditation data in
   eventsforce - that usually means they've only been to events where
   there was no accreditation

 - if opinion is set to "unsure" (the default) then people will
   disappear from the 'people' list when you change their opinion, and
   the next person on the list will be selected. This makes it quicker
   to work through batches of people, and you can use the back/forwards
   buttons on the right to revisit one if you clicked the wrong button.

The 'history' tab shows older versions of the photo that have been
downloaded by this application and are still available. New entries
will appear here if you upload a photo that you've changed, or if you
fetch the person and they've uploaded a new photo, or if you import a
photo. The 'make current' button at the bottom allows you to select
older photos, which you can then edit and upload again.

The 'actions' menu has a few items on it worth noting:

 - 'Reload this photo' will download the currently displayed photo
 from eventsforce again. This is just in case of corrupted/interrupted
 downloads (due to lost internet connection, etc). Normally you won't
 need it.

 - 'Import photo' will let you attach an image to a person, even if
 their photo is currently missing, and upload it to eventsforce. This
 should make it easier to deal with people who submit photos by post.

 - 'Edit image' will create a temporary copy of the photo and open it
 in your selected image editor, for ones which are too badly messed up
 for the built-in editing tools to suffice. You'll have to find the
 image editor's executable (try looking in "C:\Program Files"), and
 use 'Import photo' to get it back in when you're done. I'm not
 expecting this to get much use, because any photo that bad is
 probably unusuable, but it's there for emergencies.

 - 'Open in eventsforce' will instruct your web browser to open the
 person's record on the eventsforce website. If you aren't currently
 logged into eventsforce, you'll get sent to the login page instead,
 and then you'll have to go back and select 'open in eventsforce'
 again - a little awkward, but if you're logged in already then it's
 easier than trying to search for the person.

The 'edit' tab currently has three functions:

 - brightness washes the whole image evenly towards white or black

 - conntrast makes the difference between white and black larger or
   smaller, which can sometimes correct for bad lighting colours

 - gamma makes dark regions lighter or shadows darker, which can often
   correct for images that were taken with too little lighting.

If an image looks too dim, a good general approach is to nudge up
gamma until all the features are clear, then increase contrast a
little to make the colours less washed out.
